Audit Quick start and Nodes (#946)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/network-details/network.md

## RPC API Methods

Developers can interact with on-chain data and send different types of transactions to 

> the network by utilizing network endpoints. The API follows a JSON-RPC standard;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the network by utilizing network endpoints. The APIs follow a JSON-RPC standard;
```
